1. Wow I enjoyed this a lot more than I expected! It's my first Gorillaz album I've listened through and there's only about three skips for me. Orange County and The Plastic Guru are my favs but there's many more highlights. I love the mix of cultures and styles here and thematically it's very impressive as well. Wasn't expecting this to be my aoty so far but here we are!

2. banger after banger… SEEING HIM LIVE WITH PUP FRIDAY! Top Tracks: Ohio Tpike, ***BNB and State Line

3. I get the feeling that no matter how much you dislike Gerry Cinnamon’s work, it has nothing on the disdain that other Scottish folks like myself have for it. The Bonny isn’t as bad as Erratic Cinematic. It’s also no less grating, every use of reverb breaking an unwritten agreement of the Geneva convention. Instrumentally it’s just more of the same. Unremarkable folk-pop, and lyrically it’s just autopilot chimings. “You know it could be a canter if you were just a wee bit less of a wanker”. I’m not really sure what else I can say that this line doesn’t already tell you.

4. Okay, heard it... I get the punk elements, but find it trifling... Or, more to the point, of limited appeal. Live it would be a hoot. In my car... Annoying. At home? Banned from the premises for life.     I like the aggressiveness of the songs... But, after listening to 'Why don't it sink in?' I simply state that overall it's lacking artistry. So, for this reason [Drive Like Jehu/Rockets from the Crypt] reincarnated has been chopped.     'Jericho Sirens' is analogous to a San Diego 'Sunset Cliffs' surf party where 99% of the guests are blond, blue-eyed and armed with a vocabulary solely based upon localized vernacular jargon... Which always pissed me off. Which is why very often while surfing in Baja... Said blond boys would catch hell from the local amigos while leaving me and my Hispanic surf buddies alone ‘because we respect. We no act. Word. In fact we'd meet, eat and have a laugh always leaving with a huge smile.     My suggestion: This is B Parks music. B Parks is a former partner in crime who intro'd me to "punk." He'd love this. Me... Save your cash. Unless your 16, rowdy, acting out, fresh out of puberty or suffering from the Peter Pan Syndrome unable to conform to the rigors of adult life anywhere on this globe. Jericho sirens puhleeze. Cover art is okay. That is if you think riding a 3 foot wave is a big deal. Otherwise, Piece Out, bruvs!

5. So draining  Every song sounds the same and they repeat the same thing over and over

6. Masterpice compared to the other and blah blah blah, im like the opposite of Fantano, my lowest rated from the boat trilogy are his highest rated and my highest rated is the lowest rated by him Once again Lil Yatchy is outshined by the features especially on T.D, and yeah im going to say the same fucking thing at this point my reviews from the boat trilogy are just repetitive, and guess whats repetitive the Lil Boat trilogy same generic trap same boring production just the features save this album for bbeing another 3 on the trilogy

7. Si señora

8. Amazing

9. While it can be a little repetitive and flattened, there are plenty of amazing moments to be found of absolute noise and chaos taking over.

10. So bland and generic, coming from a band I generally think of as good. I don’t really have much to say as everything blends together and is pretty forgettable. The Job Centre Shuffle stands out as the worst for me, with guitars that sound digital compressed and some questionable effects used. Listening to The Factory Gates after this album is like night in day, and though the band never made any mind blowing stuff, their back catalog at least had fun songs. A by the numbers pop rock record by a band that could do so much better. Favorite Song(s): Reasons to Stay Alive (not saying much) Least Favorite: The Job Centre Shuffle

11. Chaos Horrific is rated ''Really Good'', in my opinion, due to it being 65% relistenable. Nerd Breakdown: Ratio -  I view a masterpiece as 80% relistenable (8/10). Since AOTY goes to 100, I have to account for this by dividing 80 by 100. Giving me 0.80. Out of 10 Total Songs - 0 were Skipped (Each equals 0.0) 7 were Good Album Songs (Each equals 0.5) 3 were Liked Songs I would go out of my way to listen to again. (Each equals 1.0) I then use this formula: ((( Good Album Songs * 0.5 ) + ( Liked Songs * 1 )) / Total Songs ) / Ratio * 100 Thus, for this album, you would get: ((( 7 * 0.5 ) + ( 3 * 1 )) / 10 ) / 0.8 * 100 = 81 Disclaimers: 1. I DO NOT take into account the cultural or historical impact of an album. (If an album influenced a,b, and c, but sounds horrible, then it's horrible (excluding production)) 2. I use a formula to rate the albums. Sorry if you do not like that.

12. This is an amazingly strong debut album that holds a fascinating blend of noisy in your face and quite expressions of emotion. This is most obviously present by the one two punch of the noisy Crashing Through and the quiet and beautiful For Ella. While this is an album of many high moments with songs like Crashing Through, Chemical, For Ella and Cardinal all being fantastic in my eyes the opener Where We've Been has something quite special. The aforementioned track is surely the strongest opening track from any album in 2024 which given the competition is a very high compliment. For me the emotional impact the vocalist has on me is a pretty defining characteristic of much of my favorite music ever . Its present for bands like BCNR, Big Thief and now Friko. Overall, while I completely believe Friko can release a superior album as a debut this is about as good as they come. 87/100 Where We've Been - Unreal opening song, Niko Kapetan's voice is so emotional. The way the instrumental builds alongside with the layered vocals is amazing. 100/100 Crimson to Chrome - Another pretty great track. Pretty catchy with some cool instrumentation. 87/100  Crashing Through - I really enjoy the load distorted guitar contrasted with the pretty much acapella vocal track on this. Amazing. 90/100 For Ella - Oh wow the instrumentation on this is heavenly. I really enjoy this. The quite yet strained vocals are gut wrenching. 90/100  Chemical - Pretty cool track with some pretty in your face guitar. 90/100 Statues - There is something so intoxicating about this guys voice. The last section of the track going from load chaos to quite melancholy is amazing.  86/100 Until I'm With You Again - This is the most stipped back and simple track on the album. While this is by no means a highlight I think it represent a nice moment of quiet reflection on the album. 81/100 Get Numb To It! - Pretty fantastic. 90/100  Cardinal - This is an amazing stripped back outro track. Niko Kapetan's voice is just unbelievably good. 90/100 Most recent listen - 4th February 2026

13. enjoyable, ★★½

14. Extremely emotional but ultimately empowering and warm, idkwntht... is an exceptional display of vulnerability and honesty from Tomberlin. Simultaneously raw and very composed, Tomberlin's wisdom in ageing, making it through heartbreak, and finding oneself is evident. It's easy to find yourself in tears at any individual line in any individual songs here, but Tomberlin's aim is to remind you that the answers aren't always evident, but when you continue to take steps forward you'll eventually find yourself on the right path. The music finds Tomberlin in a space of reverie and blossoming, with each song masterfully crafted to bring out the most in the delicate yet strong vocals. There's a great sonic range here as well, and no matter whether the guitars are turned up or the acoustics take center stage, the impact remains the same. This is a confident record that stands to engage and empower, not only the listener but the artist as well. (2/12/23)

15. Crap

16. It! does infact Feel Good!

17. 2024 ALBUM/7EP #988 There is absolutely nothing wrong with this LP, but it definitely sounds straight out of the sixties, so it's not for everyone, including me. Favs: Burial At Sea

18. Cool seeing how jazz has evolved into modern age. Will sound terrible then morph into a fun groovy song out of nowhere. Type of music I’m not into but was able to get into just bc it’s so well done at points.

19. That was so bad. I listened to Ultraviolence several months ago and thought it was very mid but not terrible. I listened to Born To Die and I actually liked it. I did not like this album. It was a bit of a return to that more trip hop style of BTD but it somehow managed to be even more boring than Ultraviolence was. A problem I had with Ultraviolence was it was very boring as well as occasionally having some cringy lyrics. This album is boring but pretty much every song has really cringe lyrics. I understand the appeal of Lana Del Rey, a lot of people like her slow style of music and think her lyrics are interesting and that her songs are very cinematic. But I just find it very boring and cringey and very over the top. Another complaint I have is that the choruses suck on this album. It’s not mainstream pop but it’s a type of pop so you would expect at least good hooks. But the choruses are just so boring on this album and don’t stick in your head very well. One exception I would say is the song Religion. It’s not an amazing song but I do think the chorus of that song is really good. Other than that the hooks(if you can even call them that) suck. Speaking of songs I like, I did like the cover of Don’t Let Me Be Misunderstood, which is probably my favorite on the album which says a lot. I think it fits the themes of the album and I like the slow organ at the start reminiscent of the Animals version of the song. But aside from Religion and Don’t Let Me Be Misunderstood. This album is just dull and boring, some tracks aren’t as bad as others but they’re not good. As I said in my Ultraviolence review I’m just not a fan of this style of music, Lana’s voice is just so boring as well as the music. Poor album.

20. way too lengthy  also glitz is one of the best songs ever made

21. I severely overrated this album at first, giving it a high 8. After listening to more r&b and just more music in general, this album is bland and boring compared to other r&b albums.

22. So my dumbass deleted the original review instead of editing it so here we are. Artist: The Kid LAROI Project: BEFORE I FORGET This album just feels like a watered-down version of things he’s already done better. It leans into the emotional, reflective lane, but a lot of it sounds surface-level instead of genuinely vulnerable. The hooks are serviceable, sometimes catchy, but rarely memorable. The production is clean and modern, but also very safe. Nothing really surprises you. It sticks to familiar pop-rap formulas without pushing into new territory, which makes the whole thing blend together. There aren’t many outright terrible moments, but there also aren’t many highs. It’s consistent in a mid way, and that’s kind of the problem. For something that’s supposed to feel personal, it doesn’t leave much of an impact. Underwhelming overall. Score: 49/100

23. I’ve never listened to an album like this before and it was such a cool experience. It’s a metal core and jazz rap album which are two genres that totally don’t go together but this album makes it work flawlessly

24. ngl one of the cringiest albums i've ever heard for the record, my favorite album of all time is also an indie folk album about death, which means i shouldn't be so repulsed by the idea of a record like this if the execution wasn't that mediocre. i also had to deal with death and grief in my life but that didn't mean i had to write an entire record, publish and capitalize from it because of that. most of the lyrics are extremely direct and "In your face" in order to create a "heartbreaking shock value" but for me it all sounds so silly and shallow instead. as a proof that i actually heard the entire thing, i can say the lyrics do get a little deeper as the album goes on, but then again it just shifts the album to that generic melancholia that i can hear in any project from phil, which is not that considerably greater than the early lines of the record. also, other than the lyrics, the album has no other counter movement in order to create a dynamic experience for the listener, every single song is the same moody one-dimensional acoustic ballad and the instruments are also really simple, i understand if you like phil's music or felt simply touched by his slight moment of grief he was feeling by the period he recorded this but there's no need to pretend this is one of the 100 best albums of all time. (also, this aged very poorly when you find out he remarried one year later)

25. i was gonna give this like a 50 but like there is absolutely nothing redeeming about this at all. no part of it sounds better than any other, at least not significantly. album title never plays into my scores but like what the fuck is this album name and cover like its literally so tacky i cant stand it favourite track: you can pick for me i literally dont find anything mildly interesting least favourite track: you can pick for me i literally dont find anything mildly interesting

26. kinda album that makes me look at all my other lower rated albums and think "theyre not that bad".

27. If Everything Everything made a bad album.

28. Last song been on repeat. Fellas I'm in love

29. An untimely death you didn't expect nor want, but forced to embrace as you slip away into a materialistic plain for the eternal sleep embodied as music.

30. Punk meets nu-metal in this electric, energetic, punch-and-kick-fest. "Act Violently" is first cousins with "Chop Suey!" by System Of A Down. "Everything And Nothing" is one of the most gorgeous and raw tracks of all time, mind-blowingly beautiful.

31. 1. Garden of Eden - 96 2. The Hills - 100 3. Never Need Me - 90 4. My Everything - 90 5. All I Ever Asked - 92 6. It Is What It Is - 80 7. Dumb B**** Juice - 86 8. What A Devastating Turn of Events - 94 9. My Blood - 98 10. Robbed - 96 11. Marie Kondo - 90 12. Cold Call - 100 13. I Hate Myself - 95 14. Pocket - 95 This was a great debut album with some amazing tracks and great moments, this really shows Rachel’s progress extremely clearly.

32. Favourite tracks : MISTERY FISH, RINGS, RABIES, SUPERCELL, SHRUNK and MOLECULES.

33. I'll probably listen to this again at some point, but after first listen it seems like a step back.

34. For their fourth album and their last for now they kind of dropped the ball with this one because the had one of the best runs of albums and then they let it go. This alum isn't bad at all its still very good but the main problem is the actual metal its so boring compared to their previous work and doesn't mix as well into the classical themes of the violin it feels almost forced with this album. Nothing on this album stands out everything is good but nothing magical like on their previous works which is a huge shame because these guys are so cool and unique. The violin and other acoustic instrumentals were good but not as good as previous its more the metal side is a let down because the vocals are slod quite good on this about the same level as all their albums really, the songwriting was also a little weaker on this compared to the last album. The cover art also is okay its not great but not awful and its kind of a mess and doesn't really match theme of the album too well. Fav song: Equus Least fav: Anhedonia

35. This boy needs therapy - rannygazoo, let’s have a tune…? There are artists operating in genres where if it’s anticipated an upcoming release will be ‘more experimental’ that news is met with great excitement, but conversely, for others it sets warning bells ringing among the fanbase. John Grant is effectively a modern day balladeer and to hear his latest songs will be longer and more experimental is likely to draw groans from some quarters, and understandably so to some degree. His debut, ‘Queen of Denmark’, was mostly a succinct and straightforward affair; his bittersweet tales of struggling with love and self identity generally kept to the expected ‘three and a half to five and a half minute’ run times. On ‘The Art of the Lie’ Grant stretches his song lengths out to over seven minutes on four occasions, and over six minutes on a further two. Understandably, for most this would signify ‘endurance test’ territory. To potentially make matters ‘worse’, an artist who’s always hinted at ‘daddy issues’ has here plunged headfirst into this emotional swamp, with a supporting broader theme of childhood surrounding it. This is an album of deep, unflinching and (expectedly) wordy self reflection; that ‘endurance test’ is now in danger of being upped to the category of ‘worthy but gruelling’. Somehow it doesn’t work out like this, perhaps because these are muscles Grant has been training for a couple of decades now. He’s long ago proved himself a unique and compelling writer of ballads, that voice can hint at great wells of emotion and is always entertaining delivering his witty asides, and he’s worked out exactly which type of experimental touches elevate his lengthy compositions and which would be superfluous distractions. He’s just got better at all this stuff. As usual Grant includes a couple of ‘funked up’ numbers and they’re fine and do the job of providing something close to ‘comic relief’ but as is appropriate, the ballads are king here. ‘Marbles’ is one of the best and starts off like an ominous soundtrack to a shot of lions preparing to hunt on an African plain…though of course JG enters the scene identifying with a ‘newborn giraffe’. It’s sleek, it doesn’t sound too much like any of his previous songs, and his trademark smooth croon effortlessly makes itself at home. Meanwhile ‘The Child Catcher’ takes on the mantle of ‘ultimate epic’ among its ballad brethren here, disturbing lyrical content swept aside by a mesmeric lead guitar coda that’s stunning to behold. Elsewhere the titles ‘Father’, ‘Mother and Child’ and ‘Daddy’ say it all, and yes, no surprise these are the songs that contain the most pained nostalgia and soul searching. Closer to spoken word a lot of the time in the verses, they feel like Grant is exorcising all manner of demons, but also there’s a majesty to them and that more than anything points to the unique genius he’s tapped into throughout his solo career. A tough sell, there’s an element of ‘more of the same’, and also of ‘switching to the John Grant maximum difficulty setting’ here. The glib summary is ‘it’s the most John Grant-y John Grant album’, and I guess I’m running with that. For me that equates to it being first and foremost a great album, but also it must class as an idiosyncratic labour of love that perhaps requires a little more empathy and patience than most; it’s demanding, he’s demanding.

36. It’s super fucking disappointing that the three worst Testament albums so far have all had Gene Hoglan on them, he is way too skilled of a drummer to work on these pathetic projects.

37. On their DEBUT album, they gonna make you fall in love with them EXACTLY  the same way how they did to me, with their talent and catchy songs 🛸 "I fear the thought of some sucess..." 👽👽👽 . 1	Love Song 10 *____________________________________________________* 2	Mother 9,4 3	Nepotism (baby) 7,0 4	Pop Star 8,9 5	Pine 6,8 6	I Want To Be You 8,3 7	Floor 3,7 8	Fears 10 *____________________________________________* 9	It 9,2 10	Looking 10 *______________________________*

38. Chester, Oli, Sam... how many vocalists does this guy wanna sound like at one time? Pretty enjoyable record from the French nu-metal veterans, solid production with some fantastic choruses, combined with an impeccable flow when in rapping mode, and unclean vocals that sound like they came straight off of Sempiternal. My only major nitpick is that the French rapping doesn't fit at all, as much as I appreciate the representation of their Frenchness, for want of a better phrasing. In the end, though, very fun metal album, and fits in perfectly with the standard of metal this year. FAV TRACKS: The Darkest Place I've Ever Been, Blood Red, Sulfur, The Great Unknown, La Valse Du Temps LEAST FAV TRACK: Sombre 16

39. Poor

40. Backxwash remains one of the only artists who are actually experimenting with sounds we haven't heard before.

41. I’m really disappointed I didn’t like this one, but yeah, it’s not good. It’s not even just “not good”, it’s right on the border of being bad. It lacks a depth albums in this genre should have; meaning, there’s very little variety here. Yeah his voice is cool…? And? It’s not really enough to build an album off of, especially with such minimalistic and bare boned instrumentals. I listened to this because of its acclaim and also to listen to the new album, and it’s safe to say I won’t now. Man.

42. I really liked this one, actually its a lot different and honestly just more lofi and happier than Earl's other works  its kinda interesting considering the pretty intense themes of depression and isolation that some of his stuff has (i.e. I don't like shit, I don't go outside) and all these other albums are great ofc but I guess it's sorta nice to see a happier and chiller take on his stuff  I hope he's doin good

43. Both artists clearly benefit from this collaboration, and it shows. They just sound like they're having a great time and musically on the same page.

44. Some really weak tracks that drag this project down.

45. This is really boring and generic

46. CMAT's extremely highly anticipated third album EURO-COUNTRY is pretty much just as great as we all expected. Though she's flown largely under the radar until her TikTok hit "Take A Sexy Picture Of Me," this is thoroughly deserved. This album builds upon what she's already accomplished, with her clever lyricism and dynamic vocals continuing to strengthen, and this sees her songwriting elevate to the next level. It's some of the best singer-songwriter music of the year, truly, with each song not only showing off her talents but also demanding your attention. These songs frequently contain multitudes, like the delightfully playful aforementioned "Sexy Picture" which is just as silly as it is serious about the beauty standards placed upon women from such a young age. "The Jamie Oliver Petrol Station" can be silly at times, but it's a real review of how society has fallen so deep into self-loathing that it bleeds into our every worldview. It's here that I think we see one of the best songs of the year - CMAT's unbelievable singing chops seering through you, her writing biting yet entertaining, and the production and sonics of this feel like you should be losing yourself within stadiums. Other highlights include the introspective title track which serves as a reflection on the financial crisis that led to the epidemic of middle-age Irish men committing suicide, in addition to some more classic relationship-related songs like "When A Good Man Cris" and "Lord, Let That Tesla Crash" that cleverly subvert relationship roles but maintain relatability. There's no doubting that this is all-around one of the best albums of the year, a marvelous 49 minutes of jokes, observations, reflections, and above all, superstardom beckoning. Few artists have the songwriting and vocal range that CMAT does, and even fewer have her charisma, and it's always so satisfying to see an artist get her due as she has surely done with EURO-COUNTRY.

47. Going bad carries

48. Vince took a risk on this album. That said, i thought it was boring.

49. ⭐️: igual que um angel 🔻: muñekita

50. Death Is Nothing To Us is the third album from the Boston post-hardcore band. Frontman Pat Flynn has been expressing grief, loss, & depression with this band since it has started, & this album seems to be the completion of the trilogy. On this album, Pat seems to be face to face with the denial stage of grief, yet still wanting to move forward, & falling away from the fear of death. The album centers around isolation & togetherness at the same time. Although the lyrical subjects are mostly sad, the production is upbeat & punchy, giving off the message that even though life has it’s hard moments, you just have to see through it & keep fighting.

51. 5/5

52. Encerrando a longa discografia da banda AFI, me deparo com o já esperado pior trabalho da banda até aqui, o album ‘’Bodies’’. Projeto que vê a banda abraçando completamente a sua vibe New Wave // Post-Rock, com faixas que não só soam esquisitas, mas são, em sua grande maioria, MUITO ruins e longe de qualquer profundidade criativa. O projeto em geral soa bem mais previsível e direto do que deveria, sendo um conjunto de elementos ainda mais superficiais e abrindo mão até mesmo da tão conhecida profundidade lírica de Davey Havok, que parecia ‘’respirar por aparelhos’’ nos últimos projetos da banda. Sendo, em geral, uma experiencia escancaradamente rasa, onde vemos uma banda perdida e irreconhecível em sua sonoridade. ‘’Bodies’’ apresenta um difícil dilema: ver uma banda mudando e moldando seu som de uma forma de que nem mesmo seus membros saberiam descrever qual sonoridade estão entregando. Apesar de diversas influências e variedades sonoras tão comuns em álbuns da banda, o grupo se supera com faixas como ‘’Tied To A Tree’’ e ‘’Black From The Flesh’’, que mais parecem terem sido tiradas do projeto de synthpop secundário Blaqk Audio dos membros Jade Puget e Davey Havok. O album se desenvolve para um caminho onde, novamente, não se sabe para onde o mesmo está te levando como experiencia. Em faixas que soam basicamente vazias, a banda se rebaixa novamente com músicas cada vez mais distantes do que um dia fora sua “real” essência. O instrumental do projeto é ruim, sem ‘’peso’’ e sem total direção, não existe um riff ou linha de baixo aqui ligeiramente impactante, se resumindo a um som post-punk mal desenvolvido e sem nenhuma identidade. A produção deste album soa levemente melhor do que em ‘’The Blood Album’’. Ainda que não seja por muito, ela soube soar razoável, mesmo com pouquíssimo a ser demonstrado por todo este material. Os vocais de Davey Havok soaram ok, eu acho? A este ponto eu já não sei dizer se suas performances soam decentes ou somente aceitáveis, dentro de um conteúdo tão decepcionante. As melodias do album são ruins e, de longe, as mais básicas dentre todos os projetos da banda, a um ponto que chega a soar como um trabalho ‘’preguiçoso’’ e simplesmente feito pela metade. A escrita do album é com certeza a sua pior parte. Entre toda a confusão da mesclagem de diversas influências nas faixas, o nível básico da forma em como tudo flui e é desenvolvido é assustador. Cada faixa aqui soa como um pedaço de uma ideia, que simplesmente foi trabalhada em um visão fechada e resumida estritamente a aquela única ideia. Deplorável e novamente, muito decepcionante. As faixas ‘’Dulceria’’ e ‘’No Eyes’’ sempre foram experiencias positivas dentro deste projeto. Ainda que não fossem geniais e repletas de personalidade, creio que ambas apresentam um charme encantador em suas melodias, charme bom o suficiente para me fazer sempre retornar as mesmas. Com um destaque especial a ‘’No Eyes’’, minha favorita. Assim como em ‘’The Blood Album’’, o projeto é repleto de faixas horríveis e que com certeza superam a superficialidade de ‘’Dumb Kids’’. Faixas como ‘’Death To The Party’’, ‘’On Your Back’’ e ‘’Escape From Los Angeles’’ resumem bem o que há de pior e de mais vazio deste album: um instrumental sem vida, sem desenvolvimento e uma atmosfera que simplesmente soa ‘’morta’’. E claro, o maior destaque negativo sendo a faixa ‘’Back From The Flesh’’, uma faixa totalmente New Wave e que soa mais como um B-side infame de qualquer album de Eletropop genérico que você consiga imaginar em sua cabeça.  Em grande resumo e para finalizar esta discografia, ‘’Bodies’’ soa como uma direção que causa nada além de pura antipatia e decepção com grande parte dos fãs da banda. Eu não sou um verdadeiro fã e não posso completamente afirmar estas coisas, mas ao ver o desenvolvimento da banda desde o seu album de 1994 ‘’Answer That And Stay Fashionable’’ até chegar a este projeto, é simplesmente lastimável. Um album que se resume a sua superficialidade, um instrumental pobre de criatividade e uma atmosfera que lhe deixa uma impressão de um grande vazio. São esses os sentimentos que este projeto me proporcionou, e se não fosse pelas boas experiencias com ‘’Dulceria’’ e ‘’No Eyes’’, creio que a sua nota seria ainda pior. Enfim, um album realmente ruim e que mostra novamente uma banda perdida em sua identidade e também sonoridade. Melhores Faixas: No Eyes, Dulceria. Piores Faixas: Back From The Flesh, On Your Back, Escape From Los Angeles, Death Of The Party, Tied To A Tree.

53. Very reminiscent of The Velvet Underground, I was pleasantly surprised.

54. Edit 63-48: This album is just utter and complete mediocrity, I didn't move a muscle, or feel anything during this album other than pure and utter boredom. At least the second ST had "Starting Over", but this doesn't have any good songs. The reason I don't have this any further is because this album is competently produced, there's just no soul to be found in this record.

55. Soft, diaphanous, multihued bubbles of sound;  coruscating lights.

56. The only project that I actually enjoyed from this group I never could get into their other stuff

57. Very much a mess

58. noise rock is an oxymoron

59. FORGOT TO RATE THIS BUT BANGER IM SEEING THEM LIVE

60. Just a super hard-hitting satisfying death metal album. One for the whole family! (if they all liked death metal) (edit) Man I just can't get enough of this shit. My perspective is that they make pretty classic death metal which usually isn't something I go mad for but man, I really gotta listen to the rest of their stuff if it's as good as this!

61. Very poor

62. It's beautiful, easy to listen but not simplistic at all. Great voice, great instrumentals, great atmosphere.

63. Top 5 Songs: 5. Already Lost 4. Real House 3. Ruined 2. Fool 1. Sadness As a Gift

64. yea no this album sucks. i genuinely have no clue what the guys were thinking this one its so generic and bad. it feels like they were trying to make a pop album but were late to almost every trend. everything here is just sort of boring and stale and just not fun at all. it really drags with a 46 minute runtime as well. honestly just skip this one unless your like me and like to go through a whole discography. Last Chance to Dance is good ill give them that

65. Deep England by NYX and Gazelle Twin is a spectral reimagining of English folklore, where choral laments, industrial drones, and ritualistic chants merge into a haunting critique of nationalism and tradition.

66. Let's talk about pasta (orignally reviewed 07 Arp 2024) If The Black Keys discography is pasta, most of it is like an authentic carbonara, or home made spag bowl. This is like mac & cheese, like sure I guess it's technically like the others but boy is it not on the same level.

67. Trash

68. de principio a fin lo disfruto muchísimo <3

69. cryin in chifley library top floor rn

70. The production is pretty great and the transition between songs is SMOOTH, but Ka as always is fantastic with the poetry and lyrics.  He enters some good flows and has some solid hooks too ngl.  Definitely within the list of goated Ka albums

71. Era una tarde del 2021 mientras me dedicaba a ponerme al corriente con la música cuando se me cruzó "Yellow", el primer álbum de Emma-Jean Thackray que, para cuando finaliza el disco, casi me pongo a llorar de emoción por la joya de Jazz que acababa de descubrir y la trágica noticia de que esta artista había fallecido. La idea de no volver a escuchar las propuestas de una visión del Jazz como esta me agobió. Fueron 4 años después que, para mi sorpresa, Emma-Jean Thackray comparte un nuevo álbum y, tratando de informarme mejor, no fue la misma Emma-Jean Thackray quien había fallecido, sino su pareja. La información alrededor de este acontecimiento y la misma artista es, en realidad, muy poca, incluso en su Wikipedia, y esta parte de la vida de la artista no está bien detallada. En realidad no es precisamente importante más que para darme una idea de, primero, ¿por qué pensé que había fallecido?, y dos, de donde venía este Jazz tan poderoso, autentico, interesante, dinamico, creativo, veloz, sensible, etc etc... De una u otra forma, "Weirdo" estaba en frente de mí, brillando casi como un tesoro en el fondo del mar, esperando a que lo escuche para revivir las esperanzas de un chico conmovido. Así es como es de mi agrado informarles que Emma-Jean Thackray ESTÁ VIVA. "Weirdo" se toma su propio talento con un poco más de tranquilidad, estilo, algo de lujo y lleno de movimiento, sin buscar deslumbrar, pero sí iluminar un túnel hacia un futuro lleno de intriga. Con letras existenciales sobre lo mundano y cómo se polariza con lo emocional, y todo esto dentro de lo personal, es una de las cosas que provocan una conexión especial con quien lo escuche. Sin dejar de lado la preciosa voz de Emma-Jean, este álbum es la producción de un concepto sensible, espacial, precencial, que busca ayudarte a contemplar el momento, apreciarlo y casi aprovecharlo, y su composición tiene en cuenta un movimiento muy bien organizado de instrumentos que no le tiene miedo al tiempo para explorar su mejor esencia en todas o la mayoría de las canciones. "Weirdo" es una adición a una carrera ejemplar en el Jazz Pop de un talento que me intimida por lo grande que se escucha y lo lejos que ha llegado consigo mismo; ¡y apenas en su segundo álbum! No puedo esperar por escuchar más de Emma-Jean Thackray y es una recomendación urgente a una música accesible, imponente y que se explora a sí misma tan bien, que evoca un espíritu que merece todo el público del mundo.

72. My new found obsession for an indie group. Wonderfully made, the vibe is perfect for listening during a road trip or while on a walk. This is just such a peaceful and happy album (for the most part).

73. Don't take this the wrong way, I love pusha t and his music, but this album is just... Not it. Pusha T and dubstepped pop rap crossover beats were never meant to cross as there are only like 2 good songs on this, obviously being Numbers on the Board and Nosetalgia which are classics and hit incredibly fucking hard. Everything else though is either obnoxious and unlistenable or painfully mediocre. The biggest offenders here are Sweet Serenade, Suicide, and Let me Love You which have really subpar bars pusha wise and some of the worst beats he's ever been on and I mean that they are fucking awful. I don't know man, this is his only bad album, but it's still really bad.  Low 3/10 Best Tracks: Numbers on the Board, Nosetalgia Worst Tracks: Sweet Serenade, Suicide, Let Me Love You

74. if i have to spend a single minute pretending this isn’t kendrick’s best album i will explode

75. cool

76. This album does the unthinkable and gives us a kendrick lamar track that doesn't give the listener the need to  drill to  both their ears  Kendrick should stay Humble because damn he's absolute trash . It must be in his blood or his DNA to create such vile music .

77. • Skipless: ✅ • Listenworthy: ✅ • Favorite: ✅ • Cover: 9/10 • Overall: 9.7/10 • Best Track: "Endsong" • Worst Track: “Warsong” 01 - Alone [10/10] 02 - And Nothing Is Forever [10/10] 03 - A Fragile Thing [10/10] 04 - Warsong [9/10] 05 - Drone:Nodrone [10/10] 06 - I Can Never Say Goodbye [10/10] 07 - All I Ever Am [9/10] 08 - Endsong [10/10]

78. A man is sitting in front of his computer. He is concentrating hard, headphones in ear. He's typing something, but every so often, stops to focus on whats playing through his headphones. His face is plagued with worry, his focus heightened and his fingers furiously seeming to type..... '....Nothing.', speaks the man. 'I've fucking got nothing.' Another man enters the picture through a door on the right hand side of the computer man. He looks at the computer man as if this has all happened before. 'Are you writing another review for that site?' The computer man looks up for a split second. 'Trying to at lest. This album is literally giving me nothing to talk about.' 'What album?' 'This new Refused record. War Music my ass.' 'Why, is it bad?' 'No, it's just...kinda boring.' 'Ooooh, ok. I remember this, you had the same problem writing that Twilight Sad album. Well, whats the problem? Didn't you like Refuseds last album?' 'Yeah, but this is somehow more boring...actually I never released that Twilight Sad review.' 'Oh shit, that's a first.' 'Shut up. This new Refused album is just the same punk tunes that they tried so hard to avoid making in their heyday. It's really generic and stale and doesn't have anything interesting to say at all. It's all just the same sterile punk i've heard a million times.' 'Then just write that?' 'I need to find a way to flesh that out to 4 paragraphs though...' The second man looks worried. 'Question: your doing this for fun right? Because this is sounding strangely like...school.' 'Uhhhh...kind of.' 'What do you mean 'kind of'?' 'Look, can I just focus on this for like 5 seconds?' 'Fine. I'm getting a coffee, do you want anything?' 'Where you going?' 'Starbucks.' 'Yeah, just one of those chocolate chip iced drink things. Those are so good.' 'Yeah sure, you punk rocker journalist!' 'I'm not a journalist, I just like talking about music.' The second man leaves. The computer man goes back to furiously typing away, but keeps missing the point of writing: it has to be good.  Ten minutes pass.... The second man comes back with two drinks: A chocolate venti and a hot coffee.  'I'm back...jesus christ dude.' The computer man has thrown the computer and it has smashed on the floor. 'So...the review went well.' The computer man is a little teary eyed. 'I just don't know why i'm doing this.' '...Are you OK?' 'I....I just feel like this is a bad idea. This entire account. I feel like i'm writing the same reviews over and over, like this albums boring and this albums great and this Blink album is bad because of coarse it goddamn is.' 'Well, why don't you take another break? I'm sure Rate Your Music...' 'Album of the Year.' 'What?' 'Album of the Year. It's called AOTY.' 'Look, I don't care, I listen to Doja Cat. I'm sure they wont mind you having another break.' 'Well...it's not like I don't want to, but I jsut don't feel like it's needed. Like, the break isn't what is made me interested in music writing, it was the music. And I wanted to write about it again. Because I was hearing interesting music. But this? What do I say? It's boring punk? Because how do I say that for three paragraphs?' 'Well, I don't know, do something interesting with the review? Didn't you just say you made your best review?' 'Well, yeah, I thought that Clipping review was my best.' 'Then just do what you did when you made that one! Experiment and try something new!' 'And then what? Become the Doug Walker of AOTY? Because fuck that!' 'Well, if your trying something new, then surely it cant be awfu-' 'Are you seriously trying to defend Nostalgia Critics The Wa-' 'No! That video is a peice of shit and you know it! What i'm trying to say is just do what makes you pro-' 'That's what everyone says! Just write about what your passionate about, but this? I can't be passionate about boring music!' 'Then skip it! You've done it before!' '...but I like Refused!' 'Then Jesus, I don't know, just don't smash another laptop!' '....do you think this will be my legacy?' ... '....What?' 'Like, these reviews. Will this be what i'm gonna leave behind? Is this...cringy?' 'Dude....no. These reviews are just something your doing for fun. Why are you putting so much overthought in this?' 'Because I want it to be good!' 'Look, you can make good reviews, or you could make weirdo abstract musicals. I don't care. Your not getting paid for this and this site is just another social media account. So don't stress out so goddamn hard.' 'That's easy for you to say, your not on the site.' 'If you don't want to write a review, don't write the goddamn review! Simple!' There's an awkward silence. They both take a big sip from their drinks. '..So if you have nothing good to write on it, what the hell were you typing?'  'Well, I was gonna try and do some sort of meta self analysis since this album is giving me nothing but filler to talk about, but it screamed of pretension.' 'Your drinking Starbucks over a broken laptop because your unhappy with your punk review. You are the text-book definition of pretentious.' 'I guess. I'll try writing something around that concept though, I find it kinda interesting.' 'Alright'. The second guy is about to go through the door he came through at the start, but then stops himself. '....is the album that boring?' '...Honestly, yeah.' '...Huh.' Favorite Jams: Rev 001, Malfire, Economy of Death Lest Favorite: The Infamous Left

79. On her second full length, Guatemalan cellist and experimental musician Mabe Fratti presents a collection of spellbinding ambient and new age tracks. The project is dominated by cello and synths, with Fratti's vocals popping up with regularity and grounding the album is her humanity. Half way through the album, "Inicio vínculo Final" is a distortion-heavy epic that pulls you out of the soft and foggy world of the previous tracks just to tumble you around and through you back in, now more open to hearing the darkness that permeates the album's latter half. Snippets of bird songs and nature sounds are scattered throughout, highlighting Fratti's affinity for the natural world and ultimately pushing the listener to listen to the complexity in the world around them, as well as in these songs.

80. Hot album... lots of great tracks and this is def of Four Tet level quality. "Different", "Kimpton", and "Childhood" my favs.

81. The beats and the flows on this project were so basic. I could not get over the accent, on every single song. A few of the songs were unique, and I could tolerate a couple of them enough to label them hard. One of the songs sounded like the Kahoot theme, and I could not get that out of my head for the duration of the listen.

82. This felt like being tortured in a spaghetti western saloon setting. Mb Top Three 1. None of the above. (Original Review Date: 02-MAY-2024)

83. A frantic and frank piano-and-vocal work of straight forward honesty and vulnerability. Listening to Full Mood made my heart swell in this day of hearts.  Like a cross between Karen Dalton and Daniel Johnston.

84. Inter Arma is an interesting band that transcends established stylistic boundaries. Enough of a reason to respect them. Their output, however, is somewhat controversial. Not all the fusion they attempt works. What regards New Heaven in particular, I don't think it's a really cohesive record. The songs on this record aren't a perfect match imo which affects the flow of the album. I also think clean vocals on this record are underwhelming whereas many song sections feature them. Still, a very interesting experimental experience.

85. I may be hung out for this, but how is this better than any average noise rock album ever made?. That’s how I’d desbribe it in one word: average.

86. Why did Corey Taylor stop screaming

87. The drummer is a beast

88. Found Dorian Electra randomly in 2021 and had high hopes for this album and I was not dissapointed! This project has some super insane hyperpop and experimental production, and the mystique surrounding the album's character is very intriguing. So fun, so unserious, but also so hard, and so gay😏 Best tracks: My Agenda, M'Lady, Sorry Bro I Love You, Edgelord, and Ram It Down

89. 355

90. Not really into this but “death wish” was a pretty good song

91. This was boring and overly long, no one wanted this

92. This album has a cool concept, but I just miss GFKs hard rapping on this one.  Its too stingy songy for me.  That's not always bad but here its a negative

93. acceptable (★★☆☆☆)

94. No comment

95. Wow that was not worth a single second.

96. I’m 25 songs in and I see a blueface song on the horizon. Fuck you

97. certainly grew on me the more i listened to it. each song needs its own time to shine.

98. Great album!

99. same criticisms as most babymetal albums, the vocals don’t fit at all.

100. Underated, maybe too many interludes but it's a great darkish experience.

101. I have rarely ever been as transfixed on a piece of music  as strongly as I was in this new age spiritual jazz masterpiece

102. rm your mind...

103. death grips sucks

104. acceptable, ★★

105. Amazing album Favourite tracks:  - Endless Tree - Love And Let Go

106. "Written in stone, write whatever in your history books." "Rome came to Kemet and it stole the essence." Seriously, by this point I'm wondering if there isn't an active effort in dumbification of black Americans.

107. Poor

108. Behind the grim and harrowing feeling given to me by this album, it was great! Love to hear them update their sound so well can’t wait to check out VOID!

109. Great Album

110. Everyone has some albums that they are shooters for, records they will insist are underrated no matter how much pushback they get. Guts is that album for me. I absolutely adore this record, it's pop perfection. Olivia Rodrygo is a very clever songwriter who can pull off comedic and sincere material better than any of her contemporaries. She's naturally charasmatic and charming, who turns what seems at first as your run of the mill teenage breakup album into a refined and mature pop-punk project. 'Bad Idea Right?' is a perfect example of this, Olivia delivers funny and clever lyrics about getting back with an ex with a range of cadences that enahnce the material. She's almost combining her acting chops with her musical chops, it's extremely unique and makes so many of her songs totally infectious. But then cut to 'Vampire' straight after, a song with rather silly lyrics in all honesty, but she makes it work with an emotional and committed vocal performance. I completely buy into Olivia's perspetive on every track, from toxic breakups to struggling from beuty standards to meta commentary on herself as an artist. All of it has me hooked and invested. Of course there's more to music than a charasmatic singer, any good album needs good instruementals. Thanks to the experienced hand of Dan Nigro and a clear direction from Olivia, I'm glad to say the instrumetnals here are excellent. There's a lot of versitility on the album, it bounces between ballads and rock anthems back and forth and the tracks are great on both ends of that spectrum. I probably prefer the more rockier tracks, but I appreciate the rise and fall motion and I like almost every ballad here. Vampire with it's amazing piano part, the guitar plucking on lacy and the closing three tracks. One of the bets pop albums of the 2020s, I'm incredibly excited for her next album later this year

111. how they could record something as boring as somebody's uncles stories about office work?

112. masterpiece. david holmes is genius.

113. What a lackluster chaos. Not long ago I've listened to Soundtracks for the Blind and absolutely fell in love with that album but i guess thats it. This albums misses on every song. Extremely tiring 2 hours.

114. A great album by a band who can't seem to put out anything below greatness. Who woulda thought?

115. Sigh. Why is almost every song on this album over 7 minutes? Completely unnecessary for these songs. I think it's just for the sake of showing off Timbaland's self-indulgent, pretentious production style, which IMO most of the time is just soulless, annoying and not at all done in good taste.  The Timberlake-Timbaland duo achieved their peak together on JT's previous album (FutureSex/LoveSounds). There they managed to make an almost good album and this seems like an attempt at repeating that. But because that album had more catchy tunes I could somewhat overlook the self-serving production and unnecessarily dragged out songs. Not here, though, because with much less hit material this makes a really tedious and messy listening that just makes my head ache.

116. Absolutely fantastic, will go down as one of the best of the 2020s.

117. Predictable and dull.

118. I've never been happier to have an ad interupt an album before.  How do people call this metal? The guitar is a afterthought compared to the cheesy synths and awful spoken vocals. The drums are utterly dogshit too.   The lyrics don't tell you anything interesting about the wars, which I'm sure are very interesting. Sadly these lyrics just feel like they were taken from the first paragraph of wikipedia.  Also the whole time it just feels like its trying to sell to you how great war is, which I guess is to be expected with power metal. Every song sounds the exact same too.  This is FUCKING TERRIBLE.

119. Finally heard all of their LPs, they don't have a single bad one in their discog which is amazing for a 30 year old band This is in the middle of their discog to me, sixth out of their ten albums I think its very similar to Around the Fur quality wise but slightly worse overall Favorite Songs: milk of the madonna, i think about you all the time, infinite source, my mind is a mountain

120. 8.1/10, very good listen.

121. Might be the best jazz album I've heard from the 21st century

122. Generally insipid, and displaying a weakness in writing downbeat material compared to the happier affairs found on Golden Hour. Has its moments but not an album to return to on the whole.

123. and with that, i will not be doing the melvins’ DDD, listened to this today and might be one of the worst albums i’ve ever listened to.

124. Magic.  Favourite Song: Simulation Swarm Best: Change, Time Escaping, Spud Infinity, Certainty, Dragon New Warm Mountain I Believe In You, Sparrow, Little Things, Heavy Bend, Flower of Blood, Blurred View, Red Moon, Dried Roses, No Reason, Wake Me up to Drive, Promise Is a Pendulum, 12,000 lines, Blue Lightning Worst: Love Love love

125. Favorite tracks : DIDN'T I.

126. What the fuck JAZZ PARADISE!??!?!? When this dropped I was so torn between this and Billy woods project of that year because they are both soo peak but I think this album is a really good choice if your gonna have this as your aoty for 2025

127. what a beautiful album.

128. music for people who hate music

129. As a huge Bolt Thrower fan, I really enjoyed this album. I know a lot of people didn't really care for the Matt Heafy features, but I thought they were good, particularly Abominable. Glad I've discovered a new band to add to the rotation. Favourite Tracks: Arsenal of War Morbid Effigy

130. While Arca's weird, alien-like textures and sampling style are very creative and intriguing, i'd hardly say that they are compelling or really interesting past the point of curiosity. In fact, these songs (for lack of a better word) really have some impact on the listener. Tracks like Held Apart, Xen or Thievery have something inside them, an unknown, deep abyssal place that Arca intends to explore. And he does, indeed, but one might argue that he fails to take the listener to this same place with him. There is an overall mystery along many of these arrangements, and this might cloud the experience, or even make it bland and wandering without getting things really exciting or ominous enough, as some other tracks tend to sound to much like pointless mutant collages of melodies or something like that. Even so, the producing skills and visionary-ness of this producer are something to behold, and why not, to eager for in the future.

131. Pretty fun idea with having the double album to appease both sides of the fandom - and I'm glad that it really worked for a good portion of the fanbase. That said, I don't think I really like Deryck's voice in a metal setting, so the first half ended up being a "just fine" to "good" album for the first half and a "not so fun" album for theback half, leaving me in a weird spot. Favorites - Radio Silence Least Favorite - Paint it Black

132. Beautiful harmonies abound in their much awaited follow up. As pretty and melodic as you would expect from two fantastic singers. Not as good as their first, but still well worth repeated listens. Essential Track - The Price of Love

133. hell is hot alexis

134. Reseña sin título  And Then You Pray for Me — Westside Gunn Griselda Records / Empire Distribution, October 13, 2023 | 21 tracks | 85 minutos Calificación: 2/10  "Regrettably, this might be Westside's weakest effort since Who Made The Sunshine. It's a project where a lot of people showed up, but the man himself not so much." — Hip Hop Golden Age "Will this go down in history as one of the worst overestimations of your own prowess and underestimations of the tolerance of your loyal listening base? Only time will tell." — Reseña anónima, Discogs ENGLISH The Thing About Favorite Artists The critic who loves the artist most is also the one best equipped to document the moment the artist fails them. Not because love invites cruelty, but because love means you have been paying attention — to every record, every beat choice, every sequencing decision, every curatorial move that constitutes the language you came to know and trust over years of committed listening. You have the receipts. You know what the ceiling looks like. And you know, with devastating precision, how far below it this particular album lands. And Then You Pray for Me is, by any honest measure, the worst album in the Westside Gunn catalog. Not the weakest, not the most flawed, not the most ambitious failure — the worst. The least of him. The most egregious gap between what he has demonstrated he can do and what appears on the record. And that verdict, delivered by someone who has spent years inside this discography — who fell in love with Pray for Paris and defended FLYGOD and understood even the complicated HWH8 Side A on its own terms — is the most painful kind of verdict to write. Not because it requires cruelty but because it requires honesty about something you love. Westside Gunn has been my favorite rapper for years. And Then You Pray for Me is the most disappointing album I have ever heard from an artist I care about this deeply. That sentence contains two equal truths that do not cancel each other out. What This Album Is: A Trap Pivot Nobody Asked For Released October 13, 2023 — Friday the 13th, a date Gunn chose deliberately, because of course he did — And Then You Pray for Me is presented as the sequel to Pray for Paris (2020) and as Westside Gunn's final album as a recording artist. The cover is Luca Giordano's Entombment of Christ (1655), designed by Virgil Abloh in the same gesture as the Caravaggio that opened Pray for Paris — a continuation of the visual language of the series, a declaration of artistic continuity. And then you press play and the visual language and the sonic reality immediately and catastrophically diverge. Because And Then You Pray for Me is, at its core, a trap record. Not a Griselda record that incorporates trap elements. Not a boom-bap record that experiments at the margins. A trap record — 808s, hi-hats, drill-adjacent production, DJ Drama drops, Trap-A-Holics tags, the sonic vocabulary of the Atlanta pipeline — made by a man whose entire identity, whose entire legacy, whose entire reason for existing in the cultural conversation is built on being the antithesis of exactly that. Westside Gunn built his world on the refusal of exactly this. On proving that raw boom-bap loops, that Daringer's stripped-down architecture, that the claustrophobic drumless production of the Griselda aesthetic was not nostalgia but urgency — not a museum piece but a living tradition that had something to say that trap could not say. That conviction — repeated in every interview, embodied in every record from FLYGOD through Pray for Paris through the best of the HWH series — is the foundation of his credibility. It is what made his aesthetic feel like a genuine artistic position rather than a commercial calculation. And Then You Pray for Me abandons that position not in an act of genuine artistic evolution but in something that looks, from every angle, like an attempt to reach the commercial ceiling that Griselda's uncompromising aesthetic had always denied him. His highest Billboard 200 debut: number 29. The most conventional album of his career coinciding with his most mainstream commercial performance. The correlation is not a conspiracy. It is a mirror. The 85-Minute Problem Twenty-one tracks. Eighty-five minutes. These numbers alone would be damning for any album that did not have the compositional depth to justify them. For And Then You Pray for Me, they are a catastrophe. Even among the album's defenders — and there are defenders, who point to "KITCHEN LIGHTS," "FLYGOD 2x," "Mama's PrimeTime," "The Revenge of Flip Legs," and the title track as genuine high points — the consensus is that there is a good 12-track album buried somewhere inside these 85 minutes. That observation, made with love by people who wanted to find something to hold onto, is actually the most devastating critique available. Because it means that even the people who liked this album agree that the curatorial intelligence that defined Westside Gunn's best work — the ear that knew exactly which 9 tracks to put on Pray for Paris, which 11 on 12, which 13 on Supreme Blientele — was entirely absent here. The man who once demonstrated that selection is the most important tool in the curator's kit built a record that is the complete negation of that demonstration. And Then You Pray for Me is not an album. It is a dump. A folder of sessions that someone forgot to edit before releasing to the world. The Production Catastrophe: Miguel da Plug and the Collapse of the Daringer Standard The production on And Then You Pray for Me is, alongside the sequencing, the album's most fundamental failure. And to understand why, you need to understand what made the production on Gunn's best records not just good but essential. Daringer's beats — and by extension, the Alchemist, Conductor Williams, Pete Rock, the producers who best served the Griselda aesthetic — worked because they were built on a principle of productive restraint. Strip the production to its skeleton. Create space. Force the rapper into the room with the loop and make him fill the silence. The drums serve the atmosphere rather than driving it. The samples do the emotional work that the rapping then inhabits. Every note is necessary. Miguel da Plug produces a substantial portion of And Then You Pray for Me, and his overinvolvement raises eyebrows throughout. His beats are not bad in the abstract. They are wrong for this man. They are busy where Gunn needs space, aggressive where Gunn needs atmosphere, conventional where Gunn needs idiosyncrasy. Tay Keith — whose production style is built for exactly the kind of trap energy that And Then You Pray for Me reaches for — appears on "Kostas," and while the Griselda trio rapping over a Tay Keith beat is conceptually interesting, in practice it exposes the core problem: Gunn sounds uncomfortable. He sounds like a man wearing someone else's clothes, moving in ways that his body was not built for. Daringer — the man whose name is synonymous with the Griselda sound, who built the aesthetic that made Westside Gunn famous — appears nowhere on this album. Not a single track. His absence is not incidental. It is a declaration. And what that declaration says, in the context of every production choice that follows, is that someone decided the aesthetic that made this artist matter was an obstacle to commercial ambition rather than its foundation. The DJ Drama Problem: Mixtape Logic on an Album That Wants to Be a Statement DJ Drama's presence as executive producer and DJ voice throughout And Then You Pray for Me is one of the album's most confusing structural decisions. Drama — whose Gangsta Grillz mixtape series defined a specific era of mid-2000s Atlanta rap, whose DJ drops and hype man interjections are coded with very specific cultural associations — gives the album a mixtape feel that works directly against its stated ambitions. Pray for Paris was a statement. Supreme Blientele was a statement. Even HWH10, with all its feature excess, was a statement — a monument to a decade of work, a deliberate closing chapter. A statement requires cohesion, intentionality, the sense that every element has been placed with purpose. DJ Drama interjecting "WESTSIDE GUNN" between every third track does not create cohesion. It creates the feeling of a loosie collection — of songs that happen to appear on the same project rather than songs that were built to coexist. This is mixtape logic. And there is nothing wrong with mixtape logic when you are making a mixtape. The Hitler Wears Hermes series, at its best, operated on exactly that logic and produced some of the most beloved music in Gunn's catalog. But when you announce your retirement, call your album the sequel to one of your most acclaimed records, use Virgil Abloh's posthumous artwork as your cover, and release it as your final statement — you cannot also operate on mixtape logic without the whole thing collapsing under the weight of its own contradictions. Track by Track: The Lows, the Lone Highs, and the Vast Desert Between "FLYGOD DiD" (feat. A.A. Rashid | Prod. Miguel da Plug) — The intro. A.A. Rashid delivers his invocation, as he has opened so many Gunn albums, and for approximately ninety seconds you allow yourself to hope that the album will find its footing. The hope does not survive the next track. "MAMA'S PRIMETIME" (feat. Conway the Machine, JID | Prod. Conductor Williams) — One of three tracks that justify the album's existence. Conway and JID are exceptional, and Conductor Williams delivers the closest thing to the classic Griselda aesthetic that the first half offers. If the entire album had been built at this temperature, And Then You Pray for Me would have been a different story. It was not. "INTERLUDE" (feat. Cartier Williams) — An actual interlude, brief enough to not damage, forgettable enough to not help. "KOSTAS" (feat. Benny the Butcher, Conway the Machine | Prod. Tay Keith) — Named for the Greek basketball player Kostas Antetokounmpo. The Griselda trio over a Tay Keith beat is the album's most audacious experiment: Benny and Conway acquit themselves with characteristic command, and Gunn plays the troll, which is the one role the trap palette allows him to occupy with genuine ease. The concept is more interesting than the execution but the execution is not without its pleasures. "1989" (Prod. Miguel da Plug) — Four minutes of a song that never goes anywhere. Starting strong and never going anywhere, being unnecessarily long. A solo Gunn trap track that demonstrates, with quiet and sustained thoroughness, why solo Gunn on trap beats is not a viable creative direction. This is where the album's momentum, freshly established by "MAMA'S PRIMETIME," begins its first real collapse. It never fully recovers. "SUICIDE IN SELFRIDGES" (feat. DJ Drama | Prod. Conductor Williams) — Named for the London department store, and the beat that Conductor Williams provides is, by several accounts, the album's most purely beautiful production moment — a beat so good that the critical consensus holds it should have received more rappers and more ambition. Gunn alone over this beat is the album's second great missed opportunity: you can hear what the song could have been in every bar that passes. "KITCHEN LIGHTS" (feat. Stove God Cooks | Prod. Conductor Williams) — The album's best song and its clearest argument that there was a good record somewhere in these sessions. Stove God Cooks sounds exceptional. The production is the closest the album comes to the Pray for Paris sound that the title and cover art invoke. If "KITCHEN LIGHTS" had been the template for the album's direction rather than an exception within it, everything would be different. "FLYGOD 2x" (Prod. Miguel da Plug) — One of the album's genuine high points: a boom-bap beat and Gunn alone sounding more confident and more present than almost anywhere else on the record. The one moment where the trap pivot is abandoned entirely and what remains sounds like the artist at something approaching his ceiling. "DunnHill" (feat. Rick Ross | Prod. Miguel da Plug) — The beginning of the album's most sustained and most painful run. Rick Ross — a man whose production standards for his own work are exacting — sounds like he sent a verse from a different session that someone attached to the wrong track. The beat is wrong. The energy is wrong. The combination of the two produces something that is not bad in the sense of incompetence but bad in the deeper sense of wrongness — things that have no business being in the same room together. "HOUSE OF GLORY" (feat. Stove God Cooks | Prod. Miguel da Plug) — Identified by multiple critics as one of the album's most puzzling decisions. Stove God Cooks is again a committed presence, but the production underneath him and Gunn is so miscalibrated relative to what both performers do best that the track becomes an exercise in watching talent fight against its container and lose. "JD WRIST" (feat. Estee Nack, Stove God Cooks, Trap-A-Holics, Westside Pootie | Prod. Miguel da Plug) — The ASMR delivery that several reviewers have flagged as "peculiar" and "nearly salvageable" is the track's dominant sonic feature. This is a five-credited track that somehow adds up to less than any of its components. The Trap-A-Holics presence is the mixtape logic problem made entirely explicit. "DISGUSTING" (feat. Giggs | Prod. Miguel da Plug) — Giggs — the British rapper whose delivery operates on a frequency entirely its own — is an unlikely Gunn collaborator, and the cross-Atlantic energy should produce something interesting. It produces something forgettable. Giggs sounds game. The beat does not serve either man. "TRYNNA KILL YOU" (feat. Ty Dolla $ign | Prod. Miguel da Plug) — Ty Dolla $ign's falsetto over a Miguel da Plug production is an aesthetic combination that would have been interesting in a different context. Here it reads as another departure from the album's stated identity — another room that doesn't connect to the rooms around it. "LL BOOL GUNN" (Prod. Miguel da Plug) — The nadir. A solo Gunn track that several critical voices have cited as the worst song on the album, and the one that most clearly reveals what happens when the curator has abandoned his own curatorial instincts. "LL" presumably references LL Cool J. The connection between that reference and anything that occurs on the track is not apparent on any number of listens. "BABYLON BIS" (feat. Stove God Cooks | Prod. Miguel da Plug) — Stove God Cooks' fourth appearance on the album. He continues to be reliable, committed, and the album's most consistent bright spot among its features. He is not the reason you are here and he cannot carry the weight that has been placed on him across six tracks. "ULTRA GRIZELDA" (feat. Denzel Curry | Prod. Conductor Williams) — The album's most genuinely surprising collaboration. Denzel Curry — a madman by temperament, a Florida rapper by geography, an entirely different ecosystem by training — arrives and delivers exactly what the track needs: chaos. Real chaos, not performed chaos. The kind of energy that makes things feel briefly alive. "ULTRA GRIZELDA" is the closest the album comes to actually being the kind of risk it wants to be perceived as having taken. "JALEN ROSE" (feat. Boldy James | Prod. Conductor Williams) — Named for the Detroit Pistons legend. Boldy James, as reliable as ever, delivers a verse that belongs on a much better album. Conductor Williams produces something that sounds like the real Griselda. For approximately three minutes, you remember what this catalog has been capable of. Then the track ends. "STEVE AND JONY" (feat. Keisha Plum | Prod. Miguel da Plug) — Keisha Plum, Gunn's most reliable and most characteristically unexpected collaborator, arrives and does what she always does: transform the track around her with spoken-word that operates by entirely different logic than anything else on the album. Named for Steve Jobs and Jony Ive, Apple's design partnership, the reference to two men whose collaboration produced objects of obsessive refinement is — in the context of this album — either deeply ironic or completely unaware of the irony. "THE REVENGE OF FLIP LEGS" (feat. Rome Streetz | Prod. Conductor Williams) — The grittiest beat on the album. Rome Streetz at full capacity. Gunn meeting him with the kind of presence he has shown only in flashes across 85 minutes. A church snippet interrupting the two verses and completely changing the song's vibes. This track, dropped into the late portion of an album that has already exhausted the listener's goodwill, lands harder than it should — partly because it is genuinely good, partly because the listener is so depleted by what preceded it that anything with actual energy registers as a revelation. "MR EVERYTHING" (feat. Jeezy | Prod. DJ Swamp Izzo) — Jeezy. Low-quality audio. DJ interruptions. Random explosions. "MR EVERYTHING" is not a Westside Gunn song by any recognizable definition. It is a Jeezy song that Westside Gunn is on. The distinction matters. "FREDDY JS" (feat. Peezy, EST Gee, KayCyy | Prod. Conductor Williams) — Named for a Detroit corner. Peezy, EST Gee, and KayCyy from Detroit and the South bringing regional energy that has nothing to do with the Buffalo mythology that Gunn has spent fifteen years building. KayCyy in particular is excellent — his delivery switching between singer and aggressive rapper with genuine emotional conviction. But by this point in the album, even genuine excellence is received with the exhaustion of someone who has been walking for too long. "AND THEN YOU PRAY FOR ME" (feat. Conway the Machine, JID, KayCyy | Prod. Conductor Williams) — The title track. Conway and JID delivering their best performances on the record. KayCyy's faith-and-resilience contribution being the album's most emotionally genuine moment. Gunn's verse setting the tone with a presence that has been intermittent throughout the album and is, here, finally consistent. It is a good song. It deserved to close a better album. The Retirement Problem Westside Gunn announced And Then You Pray for Me as his final album as a recording artist. He then released 11 in October 2024, followed immediately by Still Praying, and then 12 in February 2025. This is information. Not about the quality of those subsequent records — 11 and Still Praying were widely received as returns to form, and 12 we have already addressed — but about the weight that "final album" carried as a framing device for this record. The Virgil Abloh artwork. The Caravaggio. The Pray for Paris sequel structure. The title drawn from his own earlier lyric. Every element of the album's presentation was designed to communicate legacy, closure, monument. And then the monument turned out to be 85 minutes of a trap record that sounded like no one had told the album it was supposed to be a monument. The Two Songs That Make This a 2 Rather Than a 1 A 1 out of 10 is reserved for an album without redeeming qualities — an album where the failure is so complete that even accident could not produce anything worth preserving. And Then You Pray for Me is not that. "KITCHEN LIGHTS" is genuinely good. "AND THEN YOU PRAY FOR ME" the title track is genuinely good. "MAMA'S PRIMETIME," "ULTRA GRIZELDA," "THE REVENGE OF FLIP LEGS," "JALEN ROSE" — these tracks exist and have value. What makes this a 2 is the ratio. What makes this a 2 is the 85 minutes. What makes this a 2 is the abandonment of every curatorial principle that made this artist matter, in exchange for a trap pivot that produced his best Billboard number and his worst album. What makes this a 2 is the specific pain of watching your favorite rapper make the one decision you never thought he would make: the decision to stop trusting what makes him exceptional. Grief is the right word. Not anger — anger would be easier. Grief at the distance between the curator of Pray for Parisand the curator of this. Grief at the Daringer-less tracklist. Grief at the DJ Drama drops landing where silence should be. Grief at 85 minutes that contain, at most, 25 worth keeping. I have loved Westside Gunn's music for years. And Then You Pray for Me is the album that made me understand what it means to love an artist enough to tell the full truth when they fail you. 2/10  ESPAÑOL Lo Que Significa Que Falle Tu Artista Favorito El crítico que más ama al artista es también el mejor equipado para documentar el momento en que el artista lo defrauda. No porque el amor invite a la crueldad, sino porque el amor significa que has estado prestando atención — a cada disco, a cada elección de beat, a cada decisión de secuenciación, a cada movimiento curatorial que constituye el lenguaje que llegaste a conocer y confiar durante años de escucha comprometida. Tienes los recibos. Sabes cómo se ve el techo. Y sabes, con una precisión devastadora, cuánto por debajo de él aterriza este álbum particular. And Then You Pray for Me es, por cualquier medida honesta, el peor álbum del catálogo de Westside Gunn. No el más débil, no el más fallido, no el fracaso más ambicioso — el peor. Lo menos de él. La brecha más escandalosa entre lo que ha demostrado que puede hacer y lo que aparece en el disco. Y ese veredicto, entregado por alguien que ha pasado años dentro de esta discografía — que se enamoró de Pray for Paris y defendió FLYGOD y entendió incluso el complicado HWH8 Side A en sus propios términos — es el tipo de veredicto más doloroso de escribir. No porque requiera crueldad sino porque requiere honestidad sobre algo que amas. Westside Gunn ha sido mi rapero favorito durante años. And Then You Pray for Me es el álbum más decepcionante que he escuchado de un artista que me importa con esta profundidad. Esa oración contiene dos verdades iguales que no se cancelan entre sí. Lo Que Es Este Álbum: Un Giro al Trap Que Nadie Pidió Lanzado el 13 de octubre de 2023 — Viernes 13, una fecha que Gunn eligió deliberadamente, porque claro que sí — And Then You Pray for Me se presenta como la secuela de Pray for Paris (2020) y como el álbum final de Westside Gunn como artista discográfico. La portada es El Entierro de Cristo (1655) de Luca Giordano, diseñada por Virgil Abloh en el mismo gesto que el Caravaggio que abrió Pray for Paris — una continuación del lenguaje visual de la serie, una declaración de continuidad artística. Y luego presionas play y el lenguaje visual y la realidad sonora divergen inmediata y catastróficamente. Porque And Then You Pray for Me es, en su núcleo, un disco de trap. No un disco de Griselda que incorpora elementos trap. No un disco de boom-bap que experimenta en los márgenes. Un disco de trap — 808s, hi-hats, producción adyacente al drill, drops de DJ Drama, tags de Trap-A-Holics, el vocabulario sonoro del pipeline de Atlanta — hecho por un hombre cuya identidad entera, cuyo legado entero, cuya razón de existir en la conversación cultural está construida sobre ser la antítesis exacta de exactamente eso. Westside Gunn construyó su mundo sobre el rechazo de exactamente esto. Sobre demostrar que los loops de boom-bap en crudo, que la arquitectura despojada de Daringer, que la producción drumless y claustrofóbica de la estética Griselda no era nostalgia sino urgencia — no una pieza de museo sino una tradición viva que tenía algo que decir que el trap no podía decir. Esa convicción — repetida en cada entrevista, encarnada en cada disco desde FLYGOD a través de Pray for Parishasta lo mejor de la serie HWH — es el cimiento de su credibilidad. Es lo que hizo que su estética se sintiera como una posición artística genuina en lugar de un cálculo comercial. And Then You Pray for Me abandona esa posición no en un acto de evolución artística genuina sino en algo que parece, desde todos los ángulos, un intento de alcanzar el techo comercial que la estética intransigente de Griselda siempre le había negado. Su debut más alto en el Billboard 200: número 29. El álbum más convencional de su carrera coincidiendo con su mejor desempeño comercial mainstream. La correlación no es una conspiración. Es un espejo. El Problema de los 85 Minutos Veintiún tracks. Ochenta y cinco minutos. Estos números por sí solos serían condenatorios para cualquier álbum que no tuviera la profundidad compositiva para justificarlos. Para And Then You Pray for Me, son una catástrofe. Incluso entre los defensores del álbum — y hay defensores, que señalan "KITCHEN LIGHTS," "FLYGOD 2x," "Mama's PrimeTime," "The Revenge of Flip Legs" y el track título como puntos altos genuinos — el consenso es que hay un buen álbum de 12 tracks enterrado en algún lugar dentro de estos 85 minutos. Esa observación, hecha con amor por personas que querían encontrar algo a qué aferrarse, es en realidad la crítica más devastadora disponible. Porque significa que incluso la gente que le gustó este álbum está de acuerdo en que la inteligencia curatorial que definió el mejor trabajo de Westside Gunn — el oído que sabía exactamente qué 9 tracks poner en Pray for Paris, qué 11 en 12, qué 13 en Supreme Blientele — estuvo completamente ausente aquí. El hombre que una vez demostró que la selección es la herramienta más importante en el kit del curador construyó un disco que es la negación completa de esa demostración. La Catástrofe de Producción: Miguel da Plug y el Colapso del Estándar Daringer La producción en And Then You Pray for Me es, junto con la secuenciación, el fracaso más fundamental del álbum. Los beats de Daringer — y por extensión, The Alchemist, Conductor Williams, Pete Rock, los productores que mejor sirvieron la estética Griselda — funcionaban porque estaban construidos sobre un principio de contención productiva. Despoja la producción a su esqueleto. Crea espacio. Obliga al rapero a estar en el cuarto con el loop y que llene el silencio. Los tambores sirven a la atmósfera en lugar de impulsarla. Las muestras hacen el trabajo emocional que el rapeo luego habita. Miguel da Plug produce una parte sustancial de And Then You Pray for Me, y su sobreinvolucración genera extrañeza a lo largo de todo el disco. Sus beats no son malos en abstracto. Son incorrectos para este hombre. Son ocupados donde Gunn necesita espacio, agresivos donde Gunn necesita atmósfera, convencionales donde Gunn necesita idiosincrasia. Daringer — el hombre cuyo nombre es sinónimo del sonido Griselda, quien construyó la estética que hizo famoso a Westside Gunn — no aparece en ningún lugar de este álbum. Ni un solo track. Su ausencia no es incidental. Es una declaración. Y lo que esa declaración dice, en el contexto de cada elección de producción que sigue, es que alguien decidió que la estética que hacía importante a este artista era un obstáculo para la ambición comercial en lugar de su cimiento. Track por Track: Los Abismos, los Únicos Picos y el Vasto Desierto Entre Ellos "FLYGOD DiD" (feat. A.A. Rashid) — La intro. Rashid entrega su invocación, como ha abierto tantos álbumes de Gunn, y por aproximadamente noventa segundos te permites esperar que el álbum encuentre su rumbo. La esperanza no sobrevive al siguiente track. "MAMA'S PRIMETIME" (feat. Conway the Machine, JID) — Uno de los tres tracks que justifican la existencia del álbum. Conway y JID son excepcionales, y Conductor Williams entrega lo más cercano a la estética clásica de Griselda que ofrece la primera mitad. Si todo el álbum hubiera sido construido a esta temperatura, sería otra historia. No lo fue. "KOSTAS" (feat. Benny the Butcher, Conway the Machine | Prod. Tay Keith) — El trío de Griselda sobre un beat de Tay Keith es el experimento más audaz del álbum. Benny y Conway se desenvuelven con comando característico, y Gunn juega al troll, el único rol que la paleta trap le permite ocupar con facilidad genuina. El concepto es más interesante que la ejecución. "1989" — Cuatro minutos de una canción que nunca va a ningún lado. Un track trap solo de Gunn que demuestra, con tranquila y sostenida minuciosidad, por qué Gunn solo en beats de trap no es una dirección creativa viable. Aquí comienza el primer colapso real del impulso del álbum. Nunca se recupera completamente. "SUICIDE IN SELFRIDGES" (feat. DJ Drama) — El beat que Conductor Williams proporciona es, según varios críticos, el momento de producción más puramente hermoso del álbum. Gunn solo sobre este beat es la segunda gran oportunidad perdida del álbum: puedes escuchar lo que la canción podría haber sido en cada barra que pasa. "KITCHEN LIGHTS" (feat. Stove God Cooks) — La mejor canción del álbum y su argumento más claro de que había un buen disco en algún lugar de estas sesiones. Stove God Cooks suena excepcional. La producción es la más cercana al sonido de Pray for Paris que el título y la portada invocan. "FLYGOD 2x" — Uno de los puntos genuinamente altos: un beat de boom-bap y Gunn solo sonando más confiado y más presente que casi en cualquier otro lugar del disco. El único momento donde el giro al trap es abandonado completamente. "DunnHill" (feat. Rick Ross) — El comienzo del tramo más sostenido y más doloroso del álbum. Rick Ross suena como si hubiera enviado un verso de una sesión diferente que alguien adjuntó al track equivocado. El beat está mal. La energía está mal. "HOUSE OF GLORY" (feat. Stove God Cooks) — Identificado por múltiples críticos como una de las decisiones más desconcertantes del álbum. Stove God Cooks es de nuevo una presencia comprometida, pero la producción debajo de él y Gunn está tan mal calibrada que el track se convierte en un ejercicio de ver el talento luchar contra su contenedor y perder. "JD WRIST" (feat. Estee Nack, Stove God Cooks, Trap-A-Holics) — Un track con cinco créditos que de alguna manera suma menos que cualquiera de sus componentes. La entrega ASMR que varios críticos han señalado como "peculiar" es la característica sonora dominante del track. La presencia de Trap-A-Holics es la lógica de mixtape hecha completamente explícita. "DISGUSTING" (feat. Giggs) — Giggs suena dispuesto a participar. El beat no sirve a ninguno de los dos hombres. La colaboración transatlántica que debería producir algo interesante produce algo olvidable. "LL BOOL GUNN" — El nadir. Un track solo de Gunn que varios críticos han citado como la peor canción del álbum. La referencia a LL Cool J y la conexión con cualquier cosa que ocurre en el track no es aparente en ningún número de escuchas. "ULTRA GRIZELDA" (feat. Denzel Curry) — La colaboración más genuinamente sorprendente del álbum. Denzel Curry llega y entrega exactamente lo que el track necesita: caos. Caos real, no caos actuado. El momento más cercano a ser el tipo de riesgo que el álbum quiere ser percibido como haber tomado. "JALEN ROSE" (feat. Boldy James) — Boldy James, tan confiable como siempre, entrega un verso que pertenece a un álbum mucho mejor. Por aproximadamente tres minutos, recuerdas de lo que este catálogo ha sido capaz. "STEVE AND JONY" (feat. Keisha Plum) — Keisha Plum hace lo que siempre hace: transformar el track a su alrededor con spoken-word que opera bajo una lógica completamente diferente a todo lo demás en el álbum. Nombrado para Steve Jobs y Jony Ive, cuya colaboración produjo objetos de refinamiento obsesivo — la ironía, en el contexto de este álbum, es completa o completamente inconsciente. "THE REVENGE OF FLIP LEGS" (feat. Rome Streetz) — El beat más sucio del álbum. Rome Streetz a plena capacidad. Un fragmento de iglesia interrumpiendo los dos versos y cambiando completamente las vibras. Este track, caído en la porción tardía de un álbum que ya ha agotado la buena voluntad del oyente, aterriza más fuerte de lo que debería. "AND THEN YOU PRAY FOR ME" (feat. Conway the Machine, JID, KayCyy) — El track título. Conway y JID con sus mejores actuaciones en el disco. La contribución de fe y resiliencia de KayCyy como el momento emocionalmente más genuino del álbum. Es una buena canción. Merecía cerrar un álbum mejor. La Conclusión Que No Quiero Escribir Westside Gunn anunció And Then You Pray for Me como su álbum final. Luego lanzó 11 en octubre de 2024, seguido de Still Praying, y luego 12 en febrero de 2025. Sus álbumes posteriores fueron ampliamente recibidos como un retorno a la forma. Lo cual, en el contexto de And Then You Pray for Me, dice todo lo que necesitas saber: que el giro al trap no fue una evolución sino un desvío, que el Westside Gunn real — el curador de Pray for Paris, el arquitecto de la estética Griselda, el hombre con el mejor oído del rap underground — seguía ahí, esperando ser él mismo de nuevo. Eso debería ser un consuelo. Y lo es, en parte. Pero el disco existe. Los 85 minutos existen. El Daringer ausente existe. El DJ Drama interjecting en cada tercer track existe. La diferencia entre la portada de Virgil Abloh y lo que hay dentro del disco existe. Un 2/10 no es crueldad. Es el registro honesto de cuánto importa algo cuando la decepción duele así. 2/10  Productores principales: Miguel da Plug, Conductor Williams, Tay Keith, DJ Swamp Izzo Executive Producer: Westside Gunn, DJ Drama Cover Art: Diseñado por Virgil Abloh (póstumo) usando "El Entierro de Cristo" de Luca Giordano (1655) Sello: Griselda Records / Empire Distribution Lanzado el 13 de octubre de 2023. Debut en Billboard 200: #29 — el más alto de su carrera.

135. Yeah it was great. Lingua Ignota would go so hard on this.

136. This album is so beautiful. My new favourite easy listening record!

137. The Album from the Jonas Brothers feels utterly unnecessary in the 2020s. The music is generic, crafted more for child-friendly pop radio than any real artistic expression. It lacks identity, personality, and that special something to even make it stand out from other mainstream acts. Overall, it’s just not engaging or entertaining.

138. This is the first Murlocs album I've listened to, and I like it! I had a feeling I would, since I love all of Ambrose's contributions to King Gizzard. The bluesy/country twang fits perfectly with his vocals, and I love all the harmonica throughout the album. The lyrics are pretty killer as well. I do wish there was a little more variety between songs, but all in all this is a great album!

139. good bad everything, good

140. Don't know how I stumbled upon this but so glad I did

141. There's something extremely addicting about this record from Being Dead. Such a unique take on surf rock that will make you come back over and over.

142. Bref

143. Primavera Sound Parque da Cidade, Porto PT 12.06.2025

144. Groundbreaking instrumentals,but lacks in distictive sound,i think it was the amazing debut but they didn't knew what they want at this point yet

145. This is the worst. What tf are you even welcome for???

146. One of the best albums of 2025 btw

147. AED\VAGV

148. This album sounds like existential dread, frustration, and climate change. I love it. It's a newborn from two experienced collaborators and if they did this again I'm certain it would border a perfect 10.  Fav Tracks: Doomin' Sun, Sick of Spiraling, Spin Out

149. Decades apart from her beginnings as folktronica’s leading lady, Beth Orton has expanded her sound into an all-encompassing aura, elegant and gorgeous. Her eighth studio album is her first in six years, and on Weather Alive, she addresses her role as a mother and her struggle with chronic illness. Her voice has aged gracefully, and the pared down arrangements here recall late career successes from Joni Mitchell and Kate Bush. Orton wades through darkness without succumbing to it, matching every “[I] forgot I had bones” with “the weather’s so beautiful outside / almost makes me want to cry.” Weather Alive buzzes with wisdom, and on “Fractals,” she emerges with new perspective: “when anything happens, it happens to you,” she sings, “and you start believing in magic.” Best tracks: “Weather Alive,” “Friday Night,” “Forever Young”

150. nah

151. yet again another unique and great experience i had with this. definitely very poetic, and meaningful lyrics which i like. it seems to explore the performative nature of identity and the desperation for connection, balancing these intense, industrial sounds with a really vulnerable look at what it means to be seen by someone else favorites: Cinderella, Diva, Doves

152. The Great Satan isn't a comeback; it’s a collection of industrial clichés he’s been rent-seeking since 1998. At its core, this is a passable Zombie record, a mediocre Ministry tribute act, and (by any objective standard) a bad album.

153. Enlacing is one of the absolute greatest songs of the decade

154. The cover is cooler than the music.

155. The G.A.T... if it was also After Hours by Mach-Hommy's popularity standard, but also Pray 4 Paris cuz they are both pray and gunn exec prod (help me out i cant think of a funny one liner to be at the top)

156. I couldn't just not listen to an album with a cover and name like this one. It's sadly pretty eh. It feels like it's trying to be such a big hiphop release but it just has too many flaws. The beats are interesting, but the rapping itself can be very weak (like in Big Fish), and sometimes these vocal snippets and heavy repeats of phrases are added only to the detriment of the song (Love Can Be..., which sucks because it has a really strong verse in the second half, but the rest of the song kinda blows) Favorite: Homage, Yeah Right,  Least favorite: Big Fish, Alyssa interlude, Love Can Be...,

157. Inteiramente escrito por Taylor Swift, Speak Now é uma mistura de declarações feitas pela autora de uma forma madura sem deixar a genialidade juvenil de lado. "Mine" introduz o disco sendo o lead single, mas a segunda faixa, "Sparks Fly", consegue expressar melhor a sonoridade que o álbum assume com o passar das músicas. O disco mistura gêneros como o country, pop e pop-punk em diferentes faixas associando as melodias de diferentes estilos a letras profundas e sentimentais. As guitarras dentro das músicas como "The Story Of Us", "Better Than Revenge" e "Haunted" com certeza são minha parte favorita dentro do Speak Now, suas letras marcantes como no pedido de desculpas em "Back To December", a nostalgia de "Never Grow Up", a tristeza de "Last Kiss" e a propria angústia de "Haunted" não ficam para trás. As faixas From the Vault são algo realmente cativante, por mais que tenha sentido falta de "Let's Go (Battle)" dentro dessa sequência, mas me sinto bem servido tendo "I Can See You" e "Timeless", sem contar "Castles Crumbling" com Hayley Williams. Speak Now é um álbum extremamente completo feito por Taylor Swift nos seus 18 anos de idade, cada letra representando cada momento vivido por ela nessa idade. Sem dúvida alguma Speak Now é um de meus álbum favoritos da artista, se não o meu favorito. A

158. 🎸 Normalmente la calidad del grupo en el Death metal disonante está muy bien pobrada con su discografía, reconoces la alta calidad y el talento de una banda o artista cuando lanzan un nuevo álbum y es difícil decir cuál es el mejor porque su música siempre es tan asombrosa como sus trabajos anteriores. 📀 Después de su espectacular álbum "Stare Into Death and Be Still" uno de los mejores álbumes de ese año, ¡Ulcerate finalmente está de regreso con un nuevo e increíble álbum! Esta nueva obra maestra eleva una vez más el death metal, haciéndolo tremendamente artístico y vanguardista sin sacrificar su poder infernal y su ímpetu brutal. Al contrario, realzándolo. Estilísticamente es un disco obviamente muy similar a Stare Into Death and Be Still, con un sonido que sigue evolucionando hacia la brutalidad, se embellece cada vez más con elementos técnicos y sofisticados, pero aún así logra dar en el blanco, ofrece una narrativa musical apocalíptica. 😈 El sonido es opresivo y melancólico, un triunfo sonoro de pasión mórbida que ofrece una agresión implacable y una intensidad aplastante. En temas sobresalientes como "To Flow Through Ashen Hearts", "The Dawn Is Hollow", "Transfiguration in and Out of Worlds", "Undying as an Apparition" o el tema principal son sin duda los más destacables, el sonido de Ulcerate es la textura densa, disonante y atmosférica creada por los riffs de guitarra de Michael Hoggard y el talento alucinante de la batería de Jamie Saint Merat. Este muro impenetrable de sonido es atravesado por el gruñido de Paul Kelland, 📀9️⃣ Todo en el álbum está cuidado hasta el último detalle, con una producción cálida que amplifica la riqueza de las composiciones y la inspiración que fluye a través de cada pasaje musical. Si bien su música sigue compartiendo elementos con gigantes del death metal como Gorguts e Immolation, es innegable que Ulcerate ahora posee una identidad poderosa y altamente reconocible, y si quedaba alguna duda, este álbum los coloca firmemente como los nuevos reyes indiscutibles de este género musical.

159. my favorite kind of album: funny bad. i can't listen to star spangled banger without cracking up. when he starts going megshdhshd on something about maggie i lose it. this is so awesome what the fuck was he THINKING

160. My 666th album! I was supposed to listen to this forever ago with my ex but it kept getting postponed and then she left. Lots of lyrics kinda hit me in that rough spot. But this was really awesome

161. 77UUYR4FFG

162. MASTODON DEEP DIVE PT 9 (FINALE) HUSHED AND GRIM For Mastodon’s final album they dive head first into all three aspects that make them unique. There’s plenty of melodic content, earth-shattering riffs, and backwoods twangy guitars. These come together to spell a perfectly satisfying end for the band. I have to admit that things did start to get redundant towards the end of the album though. That is until we get to the emotional landmine that is “Gigantium”. Once again RIP to Brent Hinds. This band was a delight to go through and is one of the most eccentric and personality-filled bands I’ve ever heard. One final note, this album was dedicated to their longtime manager Nick John whose death fueled this album so rest in peace to him as well. Check the appropriate list on my profile for the final rating and ranking!

163. when i first heard it was announced i thought it would be slay but i was so dissapointed by the album when i listened to it so  i didn't review it for months well... here is my 2 cents on it. the album started i thought it was good because of the first 5 tracks,after that everything was awful and boring except for HONEYCRASH.

164. Meh??? Not quite ambient enough for the background and not quite poppy enough to remain interesting for more than a few seconds. I quite liked Genesis and a couple other moments here and there, but the vast majority of this record was just in one ear and out the other. ??? 4

165. felt like the same 5 seconds repeated for 5 minutes every song

166. definitely not for me

167. This has a really great atmosphere, it's extremely charming. I wish I listened to this sooner.

168. Instrumentals are cool some of the time, they just don't go anywhere. Vocally/lyrically though, this record leaves pretty much everything to be desired . Every time one of the features starts in, it feels like a bit of a relief

169. As a nuclear chicken who lives in the sky, I believe that this album is GREAT.

170. Wow Emily Montes really fell off what a shame

171. Yeah, I dunno if I needed a House album from Tame Impala. It's listenable, it's dancable, and it's a showing of prowess that he can put something together that is, very much, the genre he was shooting for. But it doesn't really innovate in the field, and what he brings to the table would be better presented in the spacey psychedelia of previous albums. It's not exactly a waste of time, but it's not something I feel like I'll need to revisit any time soon. Ultimately, fans of Tame Impala aren't going to be getting what they want out of this and fans of EDM/House aren't going to be especially impressed with the offering. It's kinda an album for nobody. A disappointment, but not something I feel is unrecoverable.

172. She has potential but some of this just sounds really bad.

173. This was a fun album to discover! Being Dead's EELS is an enchanting journey that provides great storytelling and a luscious psychedelic swim. It's a wonderfully layered experience that perfectly balances vocal melodies and a rich and textured background. This feels like a bit of a throwback indie style, with that charming female lead switching around with the solid male voice to give it a very friendly and familiar vibe, while also holding an air of mystery all throughout. The way it's unpredictable but so warm too, it's an approach that is unconventional and unique. And it's so fluid as well, seamlessly transitioning between songs and keeping every song cohesive even with often shifty sounds scattered throughout. Ultimately, it's so much fun, and this is clearly a confident band on their sophomore LP to make such inventive music that also wiggles straight into your ears with ease.

174. Kate Shilonosova recorded this during what she called "the loneliest period of my life." You can hear it everywhere — in the way tracks dissolve before fully arriving, in the way vocals surface and recede like something half-remembered, in the way even the most bouncy moments ("Ca commence par", "Not Not Not") feel like someone dancing alone in a kitchen at 2am. The loneliness isn't performed. It's the air the whole record breathes. A note upfront: most of this album is in Russian, Japanese, and French, with English fragments scattered throughout. I can engage with the translated excerpts from Genius annotations and the compositional choices, but I can't fully analyze the Russian lyrics — they're unavailable in full English translation. That's a real limitation. What I can say is that the lyrical fragments that exist in translation are consistently about things slipping away: moments you can't hold, words losing their color, someone asking who will draw the plans. The lyric is almost always doing the same emotional work as the production — quietly letting go of something. Track by track: Not Not Not — Enters with this wobbly, wide-eyed synth figure that sounds like a Soviet cartoon about outer space. Kate's vocal is light, almost girlish, chanting over it. "Not not not" as the thesis — refusal, negation, three times. What exactly is being refused isn't clear and that ambiguity is the point. The production has this quality of toys taken seriously: bouncy but off-kilter, like a music box that's slightly out of tune but sounds better that way. Strong opener. 84/100 Du Na — Japanese vocal fragments over synth textures that feel like light passing through water at different depths. "Du na" repeated — it's basically nonsense syllables functioning as melody, voice as instrument. Not much to hold onto lyrically but the floating, unhurried quality is earned. 78/100 Sayonara (Full Moon version) — Extended version of the single. "No No No / Yes Yes Yes / Sayonara, farewell." That's the whole lyric — three contradictions followed by goodbye. The 6-minute runtime wraps around that tiny phrase like a piece of music trying to delay the ending it already knows is coming. The Full Moon version has more room to breathe than the single edit, and the extra space is used well. Farewell stretched into something that doesn't quite want to finish saying it. 81/100 Ca commence par — The best track. French vocal, cycling phrase — "ca commence par" (it starts with). Something always about to begin. The rhythm is this propulsive, clicking, hypnotic figure. Most-played track on Last.fm by a large margin (127k plays vs. everything else in the 30-80k range), and deservedly — it's the moment where the album stops hovering and actually lands. The French is minimal enough that the sound design carries it, but the phrase itself is doing real work: something perpetually beginning, never completing. 89/100 Marafon 15 — Translation fragments: "Words lose their thread, their momentum... Sail the seas, leaving no trace... Fly across the sky, who will return them now." A marathon of exactly fifteen minutes? Of time? Of something? The Russian title sounds like a numbered event, something scheduled and then missed. The production is patient, repetitive in a meditative way — the translated chorus circling the idea of things dispersing and not being retrieved. Works as atmosphere. Would work harder if I could read the verse directly. 83/100 Tea (Full Cup version) — Short and pleasant. A brief instrumental palette cleanser that doesn't overstay. The "full cup" designation (vs. the "small sip" edit elsewhere) suggests Kate takes her tea seriously. The track itself is light, warm, functional. 72/100 Lu Na — Japanese: "You're so far away / The exit / The entrance / In the middle of the night / I wonder when did it start / Why are we here?" and then imagery of a figure dancing on a shore, shoulders swaying. Moon language for moon feelings. Translated, the lyrics are surprisingly direct — the plain questions ("why are we here?") that feel strange coming from someone dancing, not someone sitting still. Good. 82/100 Plans — The emotional center of the album. Translation: "Who will draw the plans, plans, plans? / Somewhere on the planet there are plans / Where everything is clear, where we / Are given words." Plans that don't exist. Clarity that's somewhere else. Words as something bestowed, not something you have. For an album made during its creator's loneliest period, this track makes that explicit — not in a wallowing way, but as a genuine question. Where is the map? Who has it? The production here is gentler than the more propulsive earlier tracks, all soft Rhodes-adjacent synths and careful movement. 86/100 If Anyone's Sleepy — The weakest track. Very short, barely a sketch. Functions as a transition between "Plans" and "Telefon" but doesn't earn its slot as a standalone moment. The title is charming but the music underneath is placeholder. 68/100 Telefon — Genius annotation suggests the lyric references Lewis Carroll — people walking upside down somewhere, Alice falling through. The translated lyric fragment mentions "people walking on their heads for free" somewhere — Wonderland inverted into Soviet surrealism. Kate sings about a field covered in snow and gleaming. The absurdism feels right at home in a record this consistently dreamlike. 80/100 Sayonara — Single edit of track 3, landing at the album's end. Two minutes shorter, the full moon stripped out. It makes a strange kind of sense as a closer — the same farewell, compressed. "Sayonara" one more time, smaller. The record ends with less, not more. 77/100 **Top 3:** Ca commence par / Plans / Not Not Not **Bottom 3:** If Anyone's Sleepy / Tea (Full Cup version) / Du Na The limitation I have to name: most of this album's lyrics are in Russian and Japanese, with only translation fragments available to me. I've listened to it 22 times across multiple sessions. The production is extraordinary — a world of its own, something like Japanese city pop filtered through Moscow minimalism and late-night European electronic music, all three tendencies somehow coherent together. Kate described it as "conjured from unlived memories of '70s and '80s Russian and Japanese pop music and film," and that phrase is perfect — nostalgia for an era you weren't present for, which is a particular kind of loneliness. What I can say about the writing, in translation: it's consistently about ephemerality, distance, and questions without answers. Things sailing out of reach. Words losing their thread. Farewells that don't quite finish. This matches the production so precisely that either Kate writes lyrics to match her sound or writes sound to match her lyrics — either way, the coherence is real. This is not an album that hits you. It settles. It takes multiple listens to fully materialize, and then it stays. "Ca commence par" is legitimately one of the better tracks of its year. The rest isn't uniformly that level — the middle section meanders a bit — but the overall experience holds. 85/100

175. I'm sorry, Corey, but I'd rather listen to radio pop music than to listen to this pile of dung. Christ, and this guy wants us to believe that zoomers were born in the wrong generation? Give me a break! Best track(s): Uhh... Silverfish? Home? Worst track(s): ...Everything

176. Listenning to the Top One Hundred Albums of All Time Acording to the AOTY's Users: 95th place Have One On Me by Joanna Newsom I'm tired, really. I have so many things to do, school, friends and family while literally trying not to explode all over a fucking kid on my class that bothers me, or trying not to talk about this things to my family because it could cause problems, or even the fact that i just wanted to be with my friends and almost all of them did go to other schools, and an album like this one doens't help. I was really thinking on listenning to '13 Lentes De Um Final Feliz' by yun li, but the show needs to continue! No ranking today, no talking about the album because it's not even worth my time writing about this album, seriously. THIS IS JUST A DISCLAIMER, OK? DON'T NEED TO FEEL SAD ABOUT ME! not that i think someone will care, pfff, but i hope you care about this. Edit: So, i want just to say why i gave this album this rate, so the lyrics are good, her voice is anoying and the production goes from pretty good to bad pretty fast.

177. A band of a bygone era attempting to bring themselves into the modern realm. I fear this one did not hit the mark.

178. Album swap with the one and only @Dvid21 King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard is a band I’ve previously only heard of but have never actually heard any of their music. I know a few people that absolutely love the band and what they do and this one hurts because I really hoped I’d like them as well. 2016‘s “Nonagon Infinity“ is their highest rated album on this website and honestly I had thought of listening to this before but never really found the time to do so.  Honestly, this album was equally as interesting as it was boring and repetitive. When I got recommended this album for the swap it was said that this is “muddy as sh*t, but it works so well“ and I wish I could agree with the last part. While yes, the album is muddy-sounding, it definitely does not work well. I don’t know how exactly to describe what I’m feeling but I’ll try: This album is extremely annoying to listen to. It is repetitive, obnoxiously loud and kind of gave me a headache at some point. The production is just really not my thing and the vocals don’t really work, I feel like. I get it, the band likes loud music but they just can’t really make it work. But there’s also some good points here. Whenever the production doesn’t sound the same as the 4 songs before it, it actually sounds quite nice. The song “People-Vultures“ is easily my standout track on this. The production is actually really nice. Unfortunately though, it is followed up by easily the weakest song of the album in “Mr. Beat“ which has an incredibly weird vocal performance that makes me want to throw my headphones against a wall.  I guess it’s cool how the album loops and transitions into the songs so well but it’s definitely not enough to give any extra rating points for.  Overall, while I’m glad I finally listened to this, I’m extremely disappointed and really wished I liked this more. But who knows, maybe it’ll click at some point.

179. @llamaqwery recommended this too me, THIS SHiT GOES CRAAZYYY Thanks for the recommendation!

180. Plastic Bag for the OG's! An REAL The National album would be nice

181. Other than a couple of certified classics like "circles", "body" and "savage remix", this album is nothing but Megan rapping over generic trap beats with an occasional feature being so bad it makes you go "oh hell nah" and skip to the next song. 25 -> 40

182. Alguien mencionó que es como Bjork pero cantando post-metal y ahora no puedo dejar de escucharlo así T___T fav tracks: Brave, Dust, Desert Rain

183. This is a cover album featuring Bill Callahan and Bonnie ‘Prince’ Billy collaborating with various guest artists on each track. Overall, it was a mediocre album. The songs either slightly miss the mark or are slightly above average, which places the overall rating of the album in the middle. More than likely, I’ll never listen to this album again because whenever I’m in the mood for folk or Americana, there will always be much better albums to choose from.

184. Gets better each song.

185. amazing

186. I LOVE it. I hav eargasm listening to this album.

187. one of the most fun, thrilling and overall good time albums of the year

188. eh, it sounds like late 2000s earl 2010s pop music. Not a big fan

189. i cant lie i didnt listen to a second of this album i was laughing so hard something popped in my chest and im gonna be so mad if this is the one that kills me

190. While it may be possible to label this "Creative" or "Unique", it errs on the side of a project rather than musical art expression and that doesn't end up being something I'll elect to listen to again. Favorites - N/A Least Favorite - Primitive Struggle [Initially reviewed for genre marathon - Death Industrial Top 10 (User Score) - #6]

191. 100 gecs is NOT a good band

192. Extremely beautiful ambient album. It’s so hypnotic, it feels like being transported to another planet. Lauren once again proves she’s an incredible musician and producer, I’m in awe of her work. This might be her most classical-sounding record yet.

193. I didn't much enjoy the last Bon Iver album because it showcased some of Justin's most indulgent impulses. Some of that is still here, with tracks that feel like warm goo and lyrics that might just be pure wordplay (the lyrics are the weakest part here, in general). But it also feels small and personal, like an album that Justin wanted to make and not the latest release from one of the biggest indie projects of this generation. And as it turns out, I like this version of Bon Iver a lot more. It won't change anyone's mind about this band but it's super solid. If it's a victory lap and a goodbye, he earned it.

194. This guy makes some of the worst music of all time I genuinely can’t get over how terrible it is

195. ruined by the vocals

196. One of the best albums of the year 2020, full of bangers goated features and a very intersting concept, the production is very cool, you got a lot of variety and very replayable tracks, the second half is not THAT great but it doesn't make the entire album bad, i would say after The Pink Phantom the album isn't that good but Desole is very goated honestly

197. good production mixed with weak lyricism make for this record to be something you throw on in the background to hear for repetitiveness. biggest issue is the overall lack of depth throughout the record the rick and morty sample tanked this rating

198. Yo this sounds like a bad grimes album 🔥

199. A lot of hits and a couple misses

200. while not as strong as a lot of Parannoul's other work, After the Magic is still an exceptionally strong, and very beautiful work, with some of the songs on here being the ones I come back to most in Parannoul's discography.

